All right, the next step of beginner's method is the second layer.
So the second layer solves these middle edges right here.
Yes.
Do we still have ourselves, Whiteside?
Our fault first later done.
I cross is still intact.
All we did was we took edges and we installed them with the corners.
So algorithms are really necessary to solve this stuff.
If you do learn algorithms, then you probably just do them, but don't know that you're doing algorithms.
And these will also be used in six of the nation.
You know, these I'm going to cover them really fast in.
They're examples of second layer.
OK, so here we are back with our salt first layer right here.
I'm going to do first is look in the top layer for any edge that doesn't have yellow in it.
Right here, I immediately see blue and red.
So what I'll do is I'll move the blue and red above the corresponding color.
So you should see a bar right here and that should be facing towards you.
So the blue bars here, the red edges on top.
And we can see that blue and red centers are to the right.
So this edge needs to go in this light.
So since this edge is on the left and the slight they need to go in is on the right.
Then we'll do the algorithm with the bar facing you.
You are you are prime, you prime at prime, you prime f.
There's our first Selvidge.
We've got back in the top layer.
Look for another one.
Red Green needs to go to the right.
So you are you are prime you prime F prime.
Ukraine F.
That's two.
Piers, Green and orange needs to go to the right again.
You are you are prime, you prime heffron you prime.
So now we can see that the bar is over here, the slot that needs to go to the left so we can learn
the other algorithm.
So again, the bars of bass you and we're going to do the same algorithm but mirrored so you prime our
prime you prime l you f you F prime.
And that solves our second layer.